src/data/blogs/brew-guide-blender-method.md, before:

---
title: "Blender Method"
slug: "blender-method"
date: "2024-01-15"
category: "brew guides"
videoUrl: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/YOUR_VIDEO_ID_HERE"
description: "The blender method creates a smooth, frothy texture that enhances the absorption of beneficial compounds in your Vee/Ra botanical blend. This method is perfect for those who prefer a creamy, well-mixed beverage with excellent bioavailability."
icon: "../assets/images/brew-methods/moon-mylk-deep-gold/blender-method-deep-gold.png"
steps:
  - "Add your Vee/Ra blend to a high-speed blender (1½ - 2 Tbsp (15g) for Mood Magick OR 1 heaped Tbsp (12.5g) for Moon Mylk)"
  - "Pour in hot water/milk (not boiling)"
  - "Blend on high for 30-60 seconds until frothy"
  - "Pour into your favorite cup and enjoy"
products:
  - "mood-magick"
  - "moon-mylk"
---

# Blender Method - Perfect Smooth Vee/Ra

The blender method is our most popular brewing technique for creating smooth, frothy Vee/Ra botanical blends. This method creates a luxurious texture that's perfect for both hot and cold preparations.

## What You'll Need

- Your favorite Vee/Ra blend (Ritual Roots, Moon Mylk, or Mood Magick)
- High-speed blender (Vitamix, Blendtec, or similar)
- Hot water (just off the boil)
- Optional: Plant milk, honey, or other additions

## Step-by-Step Instructions

### Step 1: Prepare Your Blend
Measure out 1-2 teaspoons of your chosen Vee/Ra blend into your blender container.

### Step 2: Add Hot Water
Pour 8-12 ounces of hot water (just off the boil) over your blend. The hot water helps extract the full flavor and medicinal properties.

### Step 3: Blend to Perfection
Start on low speed and gradually increase to high. Blend for 30-60 seconds until you achieve a smooth, frothy consistency.

### Step 4: Enjoy Your Ritual
Pour into your favorite cup and take a moment to appreciate the beautiful froth and aroma before sipping.

## Pro Tips

- **Temperature Matters**: Use water that's just off the boil (around 200°F/93°C) for optimal extraction
- **Blend Time**: 30-60 seconds is perfect - longer blending creates more froth
- **Additions**: Try adding a splash of plant milk for extra creaminess
- **Storage**: Best enjoyed immediately, but can be stored in the fridge for up to 24 hours

## Why This Method Works

The blender method creates a perfect emulsion of all the botanical compounds, ensuring you get the full spectrum of benefits from your Vee/Ra blend. The high-speed blending breaks down the ingredients into easily digestible particles while creating that signature frothy texture.

Perfect for: Morning rituals, post-workout recovery, or anytime you want a smooth, luxurious Vee/Ra experience.

Commit message:

Add team section to about page with circular member photos and captions, update cart styling and quantity selector, fix font loading and scroll behavior

src/data/blogs/brew-guide-blender-method.md, after:

---
title: "Blender Method"
slug: "blender-method"
date: "2024-01-15"
category: "brew guides"
videoUrl: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/YOUR_VIDEO_ID_HERE"
description: "The blender method creates a smooth, frothy texture that enhances the absorption of beneficial compounds in your Vee/Ra botanical blend. This method is perfect for those who prefer a creamy, well-mixed beverage with excellent bioavailability."
icon: "../assets/images/brew-methods/moon-mylk-deep-gold/blender-method-deep-gold.png"
steps:
  - "Add your Vee/Ra blend to a high-speed blender (1½ - 2 Tbsp (15g) for Mood Magick OR 1 heaped Tbsp (12.5g) for Moon Mylk)"
  - "Pour in hot water/milk (not boiling)"
  - "Blend on high for 30-60 seconds until frothy"
  - "Pour into your favourite cup and enjoy"
products:
  - "mood-magick"
  - "moon-mylk"
---

# Blender Method - Perfect Smooth Vee/Ra

The blender method creates a smooth, frothy texture that enhances the absorption of the beneficial compounds in your Mood Magick and Moon Mylk. This method is perfect for those who prefer a creamy, well-mixed beverage with excellent bioavailability.

## What You'll Need

- Your favourite Vee/Ra blend (Ritual Roots, Moon Mylk, or Mood Magick)
- High-speed blender (Vitamix, Blendtec, or similar)
- Hot water (just off the boil)
- Optional: Plant milk, honey, or other additions

## Step-by-Step Instructions

### Step 1: Prepare Your Blend
Measure out 1-2 teaspoons of your chosen Vee/Ra blend into your blender container.

### Step 2: Add Hot Water
Pour 8-12 ounces of hot water (just off the boil) over your blend. The hot water helps extract the full flavor and medicinal properties.

### Step 3: Blend to Perfection
Start on low speed and gradually increase to high. Blend for 30-60 seconds until you achieve a smooth, frothy consistency.

### Step 4: Enjoy Your Ritual
Pour into your favourite cup and take a moment to appreciate the beautiful froth and aroma before sipping.

## Pro Tips

- **Temperature Matters**: Use water that's just off the boil (around 200°F/93°C) for optimal extraction
- **Blend Time**: 30-60 seconds is perfect - longer blending creates more froth
- **Additions**: Try adding a splash of plant milk for extra creaminess
- **Storage**: Best enjoyed immediately, but can be stored in the fridge for up to 24 hours

## Why This Method Works

The blender method creates a perfect emulsion of all the botanical compounds, ensuring you get the full spectrum of benefits from your Vee/Ra blend. The high-speed blending breaks down the ingredients into easily digestible particles while creating that signature frothy texture.

Perfect for: Morning rituals, post-workout recovery, or anytime you want a smooth, luxurious Vee/Ra experience.
